UDOO VISION features two M.2 connectors on the bottom of the board.

### M.2 Slot: Socket 2 Key B type 3042/2260 and WWAN Slot

The mass storage capabilities of the UDOO VISION are completed by an M.2 SSD Slot, which allows plugging M.2 Socket 2 Key B Solid State Drives with SATA interface.  
The connector used for the M.2 SATA slot is CN14, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key B connector, type *LOTES p/n APCI0087-P001A, H=8.5mm*.

On the UDOO VISION board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 2 Key B SATA modules in 2260 or 3042 size.  

You can find officials [M.2 SSD Transcend MTS600](!Accessories/Official_Accessories) in the UDOO Shop compatible with this connector.

On this socket, il also possible to connect a WWAN module in 2260 or 3042 size. It allows you to connect to a cellular network using the connected SIM slot *CN13*.


### M.2 Connectivity Slot: Socket 1 Key E Type 2230

It is possible to increase the connectivity of the UDOO VISION board by using M.2 Socket 1 Key E connectivity modules (e.g., WiFi+Bluetooth module).  

The connector used for the M.2 Connectivity slot is CN15, which is a standard 75 pin M.2 Key E connector, type *LOTES p/n APCI0076-P001A, H=4.2mm*.

On the UDOO VISION board there is also a Threaded Spacer which allows the placement of M.2 Socket 1 Key E connectivity modules in 2230 size.

You can find the official [M.2 Wi-Fi Intel dual band AC + BT 4.2 5ghz + adhesive antenna](!Accessories/Official_Accessories) in the UDOO Shop compatible with this connector.
